(pleasant music playing)
Captain Stede:
Just out there,
there was a whale,
and it was being chased
by a whole bunch of sharks...
Izzy:
We've been almost a fortnight
aboard "The Revenge"...
(laughing)
and I'm startin' to suspect
that Edward has no intention
of ending Stede Bonnet's life.
If I didn't know better...
I'd say he's somehow become
seduced by this... imbecile.
(grunts)
Ha-ha! Shall we
call this a draw?
(chuckles)
Never!
Ah! Ooh! Bugger!
You are improving,
though... Kinda.
Yeah, well, it's been
days since I've cut
myself on my sword.
Oop, no, there we go.
Damn.
You know what, Stede?
If you wanted,
I could teach you
a more advanced
trick of the trade.
Oh yeah?
(sword clatters)
Stab me.
(chuckles)
Yeah, right.
Oh, what's wrong?
You scared?
Take your sword,
run me through.
(scoffs)
I don't think
I wanna do that.
No worries then.
I'll just have
to shoot you.
-Ed, don't shoot me!
-Come on, mate!
This is it.
I'm gonna shoot
you in the face!
-No!
-This is the life.
Now, act... or die.
-No!
-One!
-Two! Three!
-Ahh!
-Come at me, dog!
-Ah! Ahh!
-(blade slices)
-(winces)
-(chuckles)
-Ya happy now, you--
-Yeah.
-I stabbed you, you nut!
You managed to avoid
all the important bits.
-What?
-You see... gettin'
run-through's an art.
I've had it done to me
dozens of times.
The key...
(grunts)
is to take the blade where
it does the least damage.
-(Captain Stede groans)
-Science tells us that
all the useful organs
are on the right
part of the body,
so I cleverly took
the sword on the left.
What-- Is that right?
-I mean, the, the liver.
-The liver? (chuckles)
We don't even know
what that thing does.
Well...
how-how does one...
get it out?
Let me see. Now, relax a little,
and then you just gently tug.
You ready?
And... go.
-(grunting)
-Yep, tug it.
-Oh god!
-Little tug, little tug,
tiny tug.
Little, little tug.
Ah, more!
-(moaning)
-(grunting)
-Blackbeard: Ahh!
-Captain Stede: Ooh!
Blackbeard:
Keep going.
Keep-- Yeah.
-Yeah, yeah, oh yeah.
-My god.
-Blackbeard:
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
-(moaning)
-Oh my god.
Oh my god!
(januty pirate tune playing)
And, finally, the man saw
who was driving the carriage.
It was an elderly gentleman
with a hook... for a head!
A hook for a head?
How does that work?
H-How does he even eat?
He doesn't eat.
He's got a hook
for a head.
-Does it even make sense?
-All: No.
-How does he kiss?
-It doesn't kiss.
-No one likes him.
-It's not scary at all.
I bet Blackbeard
knows a scary story.
(pirates agreeing)
What's the scariest thing
you've ever seen... sir?
That's hard to say
because I don't feel fear.
(impressed murmurs)
But... I think
the scariest thing
I've ever seen
would probably be...
the Kraken.
The, the Kraken's
not real, though.
I remember when
I used to think that.
So, is the plan off?
Yeah, I reckon we're
not killing this guy now.
The plan is
very much alive.
-He promised me.
-It just seems that he's
having an awfully nice time.
I mean, look at him.
He's telling ghost stories.
This is the most
open and available
I've ever seen him.
There I was...
just a young waif
on a late-night walk.
-(thunder rumbles)
-There, I see an old drunkard
stumbling home past
the old stone wall.
And there, out of
the corner of my eye,
I caught a glimpse
of something stirring
in the brine,
some sort of
hideous creature.
Its tentacles,
they rise up out
of the water.
And before I knew it,
it grabbed him.
I tried to warn him,
but it was too late.
The creature had him now,
in his grasp,
flinging him around
before wringing him out
like a fucking bar rag.
(frightful music playing)
And that poor wretch?
That was my dad.
Bruh. Kraken killed
Blackbeard's pa.
The good news is,
my dad was a dick.
(all chuckle)
And I learned
something that night:
fear is the most
powerful emotion.
Turn your enemy's worst fear
against them, you'll own them.
-I've often said that.
-(all disagree)
I've definitely said that.
Frenchie:
Maybe you said
it on your own.
Yeah, I may,
uh, you-- Yeah.
I may have
been on my own.
But on that note...
how do you... go about
tapping into an enemy's fear?
You really
want to know?
Yeah, I think we'd
all be curious.
-Right, gang?
-(all agree)
Well, maybe, I will
tell you, someday.
But be careful what
you ask your God for...
(ominous music plays)
She might just answer.
-Captain! Avast ye!
-Ooh!
There's somethin'
witchy afoot!
What?!
What, what you
talking about?
Witchy?!
How?!
♪ ♪
Never known
a fog like this.
It's abnormal.
Tastes abnormal, too.
I suppose it
is a tad off.
Anyone seen Blackbeard?
-Blackbeard: Over here, child.
-Oh god. He's there!
(thunder)
-Agh!
-Ow, you bit me! What the fuck?!
I thought you were
the demon, boy!
Or am I here?
What?
-(thunder)
-Flee and survive,
or face me and burn!
-(maniacal laughter)
-(fearful shouting)
Every man for himself!
Oh, whoa, hey, okay!
Boys, give it a rest!
We've got a man overboard!
Ugh, it's a bit too much
atmosphere anyway.
It's my fault,
boss!
It's all an illusion!
Brilliant!
Exactly.
Or as I like to call it,
The Art of Fuckery.
Sorry, laddie.
Ye triggered my fight
or bite response.
Why do I have a splinter?
Oh... that'll be
from me "summer" teef.
-Some are teef.
-Oh my god.
Some ain't.
(laughs)
-May I have a word?
-Captain Stede: It's a bit
like theater isn't it, Ed?
The Theater of Fear.
Ha! "Theater of Fear."
Love that.
His name is Blackbeard, dog!
Well, I'll leave you to it.
It looks like there's
trouble in paradise.
Can you get up here
and let me out of this thing?
-I can't feel my balls.
-But, but we need to talk.
What the fuck you doin'
with your head
between my legs?
-Stop. Unbuckle the fuckin'--
-(Izzy grumbling)
-No, you're tightening it!
No, shut up! Up on top here.
-(Izzy grumbling)
-That's my-- no, that's my hips.
-That's it! That is it!
You seem to know
everything about everything
in the whole fuckin' world!
(stammering)
Blackbeard:
Izzy!
That was embarrassing!
You left me hangin' up
there for 20 minutes.
Not bloody optimal.
What the fuck's
all this?
Do you remember
your policy about pets
aboard your vessel?
Pets? Yeah. No pets.
They befoul the ship.
Ivan:
You know what
else you said?
You said
the love of a pet
makes a man weak.
-I said that?
-Yeah, when
I joined your crew,
you made me
put my dog down.
Yeah, okay, well, yeah,
vaguely... remember that.
So, here's the rub:
Me and the boys,
we think you've
begun to view
Bonnet as
a sort of a pet.
-Mm-hm.
-Hm.
Izzy:
You're in too deep, Edward.
Best thing to do...
-end it quick.
-Yeah.
The longer you wait,
the harder it gets...
(cries)
They're just pets.
(Fang crying)
It's all right, Fangy.
He's up in doggy
heaven now, mate.
Yeah, but we go
to different heavens!
(wailing)
He goes to doggy heaven.
(ominous music playing)
I'll happily end it.
No.
It's my mess.
I'll do it.
Maybe while he's doing
something he loves.
Captain Stede:
Oh, there you are!
Hey, according
to Buttons,
we should cross paths
with a Dutch merchant
ship tomorrow night.
I thought we could take it
through a bit of Fuckery.
Oh, mate, that's
a bit advanced for you.
A good Fuckery takes
ages to develop.
Izzy:
As much as
I hate to admit it,
Captain Bonnet's theatrical
instincts are finely honed.
He's more than
up to the challenge.
Well, thank you.
Maybe I misjudged you.
Let's do it!
Lucius!
We've got a Fuckery
on our hands!
What are you doing?
You know he's
not up for this.
Oh, of course not...
but he would be doing
something he loved.
It's time, Edward.
Send him to doggy heaven.
Storytelling.
Tell me a story. Go.
-Me?
-Yes, engage me. Go!
On the day
I was born,
-the rain looked
just like blood--
-Boring! Next!
I yearn to make sweet
love to the sea--
Whoa, way too personal!
Go.
-Ah--
-Come on, spit it out!
-I have one.
-Terrible.
All of these stories
are very bad.
Thankfully,
we do have a Master of Horror,
one William Shakespeare,
at our disposal.
What if I hack up
a dummy with an axe?
Maybe have like...
meat and guts and stuff
comin' out of it.
I once witnessed
a man eatin' another
man's face once.
That was pretty vulgar.
That's actually
quite a cheap scare.
I'm thinking more along
the lines of psychological.
-I've always wanted to sing.
-Singing's not scary.
Well, maybe
it doesn't always
have to be scary.
Maybe, sometimes, it can be
an expression of ourselves.
Anyone smell that?
Kinda like a...
a dead person smell?
-(all gagging)
-Oh, Lord above.
Black Pete:
Oh my god.
My finger feels like fires.
All right, this rehearsal
is already a disaster.
Let's take 20.
Get him to the infirmary,
and that's a taut 20.
Fuck... Fuck!
I got his head,
I got his head.
Get around,
I'll hold him here.
(all muttering)
(flies buzzing)
You're a doctor?
I thought you
were the cook.
Mm, knives are knives,
meat's meat.
Seems to me
the best move here
is... amputation.
Oh, for God's sake!
He's a visual artist.
You can't cut the boy's
little fingies.
Level with us, man.
-There's no better option?
-Not in my professional opinion.
-Hold him down.
-Okay.
I'll whack it off in one go.
Or two. Or three.
-What's happening? Am I dead?
-Uh, no, no, no, baby.
(screams)
No! No!
-It's just a dream!
-Black Pete: Hey,
where are you goin'--
This is all a dream.
Come back!
Muse, why have you forsaken me?
Izzy:
How goes the Fuckery?
What are you doing in here?
I've just been
takin' in your library.
What a perverse
misuse of space.
Still, it's a nice room.
Lots of possibilities.
Yes, well,
I designed it for flow.
So, if you'd kindly piss off,
the Fuckery's canceled.
You can't cancel it.
I went out on a limb for you,
you little shit.
Not my problem.
Why'd you even do it
in the first place?
Because it's my job
to make sure that
Edward is content.
And he adores you.
Why, I'll never know,
but... he does.
So, plumb the depths, man.
Perform... like it's
your last day on Earth.
(footsteps receding)
-You're doin' the-- He's gonna--
-(indistinct chatter)
Captain Stede:
Hello.
I'd like to apologize for
my, my behavior earlier.
As total as my theatrical
knowledge may be,
-I did forget
the most important thing.
-Oh, to be interesting?
Company.
We are a company.
Um, and so, this work
is a shared vision.
Now, we've only got
a couple of hours to put
this thing together.
Yeah, we've already
figured it out,
actually, mostly.
-What?
-Yeah, we figured out a bunch
of, like, really scary stuff.
-Yeah.
-And I'm going to sing.
Yeah, right,
The Swede's
gonna sing.
Anyways, it's gonna
be excellent.
The one thing
we haven't got
is the finale.
Hm, I may have something.
Something that'll
really plumb the depths.
You're a killer, bro.
You're a fuckin' killer.
So kill!
-Uh, Mr. Blackbeard, sir?
-Yeah?
Uh, we'll be approaching
the vessel in a few moments,
and Captain wanted me
to show you to your seat.
All right.
Let's do this.
So, Captain figures that
this will be
the best view for you
for when they
come aboard.
-When they come aboard?
-Yeah.
No, no.
Aren't we supposed
to be raiding them?
Yeah, he's reimagined
things a bit, all right?
(ominous music playing)
Appears abandoned, right?
Yeah, I mean,
seems like it, right?
All:
Yeah, yeah.
Well, let's go have a look.
Hello? Anybody home?
Only us spirits...
from the wretched,
burning depths
of Hades, methinks!
The Swede:
What is wrong, Nederlandska?
Have you stumbled
onto something...
...beyond your comprehension?
Ha-ha!
Um, are those supposed
to be the same guys?
With very different
hairstyles, no?
I am a witch,
and this is my cat!
-(meows and hisses)
-(cackling)
Ooh, hey!
The opening went great.
-I thought I heard laughter.
-Oh, no. That was screams.
-(indistinct chatter)
-Oh, here they come. Watch this.
(frantic violins playing)
(meowing)
I'm the Black Cat of Death.
(laughing)
-(growling)
-Captain, look!
Hello?
What is happening here?
Terrifying, isn't it?
Yeah, man, it's...
scary as hell.
(Jim laughing)
(screaming)
Have mercy!
(wild laughter)
(door opens)
Ooh!
They can't cut off my finger
if there's no finger to cut off.
(Dutch sailors exclaiming)
(all gagging)
Shit, that was incredible.
-How'd you do that?
-I don't know.
I'll have to ask
the little bugger.
(angelic singing)
-Oh, this is my cue.
-Is that The Swede?
Yeah, that's our little
Nordic angel.
Keep watching.
Big finale coming up.
It would appear the siren's
song has awoken a beast!
Not mere whale nor shark.
'Tis the greatest
terror of the sea!
The Kraken!
Enough nonsense!
(banging on window)
(dark violin playing)
(yelling)
(crying)
-Blackbeard!
-Ooh!
-Blackbeard! Blackbeard!
-(all exclaiming)
(breathing heavily)
-(all shouting)
-Abandon ship!
Abandon ship!
-Black Cat of Death!
-Good pussycat!
-Bravo, Wee John! Bravo.
-(cheers, laughter)
(knock on door)
Edward?
You all right?
(knocks on door)
-Edward?
-(knocking continues)
Slop!
You want to tell me why
that's all you ever cook?
It's what
we can afford.
-(slaps)
-(Mother winces)
I gotta get
out of here.
(door slams)
(door breaks)
Captain Stede:
Edward!
Ed?
The Kraken didn't kill my dad.
I did.
(thunder rumbling)
(young Blackbeard groaning)
I'm the Kraken.
If I'm honest...
I haven't killed
another man since.
Not personally.
I mean... I have seen
you maim some people.
Maiming's different.
Love a good maim.
But... I always
outsource the big job.
And tonight...
I'm supposed to kill... you.
Oh.
I was supposed to burn
off your face...
and take your identity.
And, um...
is that still on the cards, or?
(relieved sigh)
You don't belong
in doggy heaven.
Doggy heaven?
Is that a pirate term, or?
I'm not a good person, Stede.
That's why I don't
have any friends.
Hey...
I'm your friend.
-No.
-Listen, what if...
what if we just
pretended that
whole murder idea
never happened?
(sniffles)
We could?
I mean, I could...
if you could.
I think I might like that.
(sighs) I would love that.
Thank you.
(pirates cheering)
Bravo, everyone!
So, uh, Blackbeard,
what did you think?
Wonderful Fuckery.
Scared the pants off me.
I thought Blackbeard
didn't feel fear.
-And I didn't, until today.
-Whoa.
And you,
what a voice!
-Me? Oh, come on.
Don't tease me.
-Uh-huh.
Oh, he's not teasing.
You sounded like an angel.
-Well done.
-(cheers and applause)
And Lucius!
Quite the feat.
-Even though it was his hand.
-(laughing)
-Where is he?
-Shh. He's asleep.
Stede Bonnet!
Draw your weapon.
-No, Izzy, we're not doing this.
-No, you're not doin' this...
so I must.
Stede fuckin' Bonnet...
I fuckin' challenge you
to a fuckin' duel.
-Well, I accept your challenge.
-(all murmuring)
Uh, he's really
pretty good.
Stede, be careful.
He does know his shit.
As do I.
You've taught me well.
Not that well.
Right.
I'm assuming standard
duel rules apply.
What are those exactly?
Let's make
it interesting,
shall we?
The loser is banished
from the ship...
if they're not dead.
(Captain Stede yelping)
Come on.
Give a man a warning.
That was your warning.
-Come on, Cap.
-Psych him out. That's it.
Nice. Wiggle the hips.
Nice, Captain.
Good, yes!
(swords clanking)
(yells)
Frenchie:
Oh, you cheeky bitch.
(yelling)
Yield or die.
I choose... this.
Aaah!
-Oh!
-(cheers and applause)
-Do it now!
-Ha-ha!
No! Stab him!
For fuck's sake.
Frenchie:
Come on, Captain!
Ah... Ah!
(sword clatters)
So, it looks like
we've arrived, Bonnet.
The end of the road.
All right...
let's call it a draw.
Nah, I'm good.
-(screams)
-Ooh!
Did I do it right?
He missed all
the important bits.
(grunting)
This mast...
it's made from the finest
cherry wood in Brazil.
-It's rather strong, actually.
-Shut up!
Don't you ever shut up,
you rancid rat!
(sword cracks)
(Buttons laughs)
Well, now,
Mr. Hands.
Reckon he's rendered
your sword inoperable.
-By dueling tradition,
that means--
-Stede wins!
(all cheering)
In your face, Jizzy!
(crew laughing)
Aaaaah!
Well played, Cap'n.
(jaunty music playing)
Thanks, Buttons.
So, is this it then?
You're actually
allowing this?
You shouldn't've
dueled him, Iz!
We could've
worked this out.
You will rue this day, Edward.
You will rue it long
and you will rue it hard.
Hey...
made you a sandwich
for the trip.
-(grunts)
-Ivan: Hey!
-I would've eaten that.
-A fucking pox on all of you.
Well, that's that.
Not for nothing,
but that guy really
is a dick, huh?
-(light music playing)
-Thank you.
Today... we commit
a piece of our beloved
Lucius to the sea.
Begone, you foul thing!
-(cheers and applause)
-A tad inelegant.
He could've skimmed it like
a stone or something festive.
So...
uh, listen.
I, I thought I was
gonna lose you.
Oh yeah.
Well, you nearly did
'cause I had
a really bad infection, so.
Exactly.
And, uh, and...
death, you know...
I'm used to death,
but, um... but not,
um... your death.
Uh, so, anyway,
I, uh, made this for you.
It looks like a thumb,
but... it's a finger.
I whittled it.
It's, it's dumb.
You don't have to wear it.
I love it.
And I didn't
know you whittled.
There's a lot you
don't know about me.
Actually, that's kind of it.
(winces)
-You good?
-I, I would love it out.
The, uh, um, I--
I'll go get someone.
-Please.
-You keep breathin'.
-Thank you. Please.
-Okay.
It's been a while.
(grunting)
So, I was thinking, um,
should we serve food?
Be a whole other
revenue stream, you know?
-A theme night,
or maybe Singles Night--
-Shut the fuck up.
I don't pay you to think.
Food means kitchen,
menus, waitstaff.
You think I wanna
mess with a waitstaff?
You think Jackie don't have
enough overhead as it is?
I've a more lucrative
proposal in mind.
If you're open to it.
Get this man a drink.
(intense Spanish guitar playing)
♪ ♪